Link the PM shooter saga in Legacy 2. (#1516)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/a/pm-shooter-saga.md

### Johnny's fate

> After the show, as [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md) was about to deliver his parting words, the lights suddenly went out. The big screen showed a video package of necromantic rituals and a witch-like figure chanting "zabić Dobroniaka" (_kill Dobroniak_) backwards, resulting in Johnny Blade rising from the grave. The lights came back on revealing Johnny Blade standing in the ring, looking like a zombie. He picked up the mic and called out [Stanisław van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md), seemingly challenging him for a match.

Author: ```suggestion
After the show, as [Michael HT](@/w/michael-ht.md) was about to deliver his parting words, the lights suddenly went out. The big screen showed a video package of necromantic rituals and a witch-like figure chanting "ćibaz Akainorbod" (_kill Dobroniak_, backwards), resulting in Johnny Blade rising from the grave. The lights came back on revealing Johnny Blade standing in the ring, looking like a zombie. He picked up the mic and called out [Stanisław van Dobroniak](@/w/stanislaw-van-dobroniak.md), seemingly challenging him for a match.
```
